# Hybrid Simulation and Machine Learning for Kidney Transplantation Networks

In our study, we have developed a multifaceted analysis of simulated kidney transplantation networks.  We have produced a computational method for predicting, at the time of a patient’s registration on the kidney transplantation waitlist, whether or not the patient will receive a transplant within a pre-specified time period (e.g., one year) using classification methods. If predicted yes, we predict their time on the waitlist before receiving the transplant using regression methods. We accomplish this by simulating the patient and donor behaviour to generate data points and, then, use Machine Learning algorithms to predict the probability of a transplant and, in turn, the time to allocation. The simulation is modelled using a set of parameters, both patient-related and donor-related. Once the simulation was up and running, we trained different classifiers and regressors to the obtained data and benchmarked them against each other, to finally obtain an accurate prediction. Furthermore, we are building on this by incorporating the concept of metamodelling into this simulated network. These techniques of simulation models have the advantage of faster execution, and they can provide insight into the nature of the simulation response as a function of design and input parameters. 

Please refer to the [report](https://github.com/PranavShankarGirish/kidney-simulation-analysis/blob/main/Pranav%20BTP%20Final.pdf) to learn more!

